[Music]
at IVFs cap 2019 this is the sci-fi Fair
and I'm here with some what you're
working on yeah I'm from Brazil and I
work in a new foundation which is called
Arcadia for Cadia Wendy this is founded
by at respond I mean here in status or
so and the you are doing a lot of tools
the first spoon it's Apple to index and
search the content at Webbie 3 so we can
publish our content at hyperfest index
the content with the keywords that you
put at the meta tags and the after of
this you can search the context okay so
how does that work how do you process
the content to extract the indices and
where are the intercept stories and we
have the first two which comment OID
interfaces that you can install with NPM
website to publish at ipfs
[Music]
that easy is that something that we can
see actually
oh yeah and yeah it's only the dark I
drop you here it's pretty simple
straightforward Saturday because I don't
know if the Internet is so good so I can
show our doggy good okay so this is good
yes I profess